the truth that we give a lot
much importance to what the league
champions and the truth that I liked
the tournament in addition to having a title
international of being a champion gives you the
possibility of playing the World Cup
clubs
good as meaning a lot not many
we know that blue is used ago
many years lacking titles
it's 16 years since I did not win a league but
in this circumstance any tournament or
any title comes to be this one
support important and mentally the
team is fine because it has already
talked about studies are the first
be aware of the importance that
This tournament has the first
they feel like winning such a tournament
important and the first to understand the
Importance of going to a club world cup
what mentally the eight teams are going
to be very motivated but rivalry
what is between the Mexican teams and
Americans has grown a lot
American football has improved
in a considerable way nowadays
they are in a position to be a very
globally important not know
us who teams out there
They come Elian or less height you
costs the blue is not a stadium not only
for the height of the city of mexico
but it's also heavy not then there
we also have an advantage us more
beyond football conditions and
the team that we have that can play
please our I believe that in the end in
a two- leg eliminator the
first party is the most important me
I think the first game you can have
certain clarity of what will be the
second that's why it's very important I hope
can add and be able to add well today in the
soccer we all know each other we know
what are the strengths weaknesses
from the rival I think there are few secrets
in football but who cares bad
details are usually the teams that most
things get there are not many
factors to be so even all I
I think first the handling of the ball
playing football well after the
intensity and of course the
dosage that each team gives
because obviously we are
playing the league tournament the ms and
he will also be playing his tournament and coast
rich also in panama in order that
dosage may be given to the establishment
to be in the best moment of the
important matches first we
We thought we would give up a blue cross not
must do a great tournament of power
consecrated and also in that way you go to
leave high the name of the country not
in this case mexico I think we are a
strong team a strong team a team
that has received few goals and that
We are working to have a
strongest offensive we pose create is
what we have a solid team that
we can fight with any rival in
any field we are very excited
of doing things well of being a good
group to be a solid team and
obviously we will look for it to do the same in
the league of champions and we will look
advance to the next phase